Hey,
what's going on is bill burr.
And this is the Monday morning podcast for a Monday,
January 12th.
I'm going to guess no,
it's not January 12th to fuck.
Well wait a minute.
The 17th is Saturday.
Fridays is 16 1514 1312.
Yeah,
it's the fucking 12th.
I'm on the road and uh,
I got to keep my voice down here cause I'm in the fucking hotel room and I don't
feel like is it always happens whenever I do a podcast in the,
uh,
the hotel room is somebody eventually knocks on the door cause I'm screaming
cunt too loud.
You know,
if I was screaming bastard,
that would be fine.
Okay.
But if I screamed con,
then all of a sudden they start thinking about NFL players in their bottom lips
quivering and they realized that they got to get it right.
Got To get it right it right.
And then they come up here and then I have a fucking problem.
Um,
so anyways,
this is going to be my tone for the fucking week.
Um,
I'm in New Orleans.
Do you know what it means to Miss New Orleans?
That's where my baby go hose.
Um,
get an acting gig out here for a couple of days,
a couple of days.
And uh,
yeah,
that's it.
Anyways.
Um,
do you guys watch the football this weekend?
Huh?
How exciting was the God damn football,
this fucking city?
It's so fucking shady,
man.
I love it,
but it's fucking shady.
I know.
We've been in a city where you feel like it's Christmas and you could get your
fucking throat slit at any second.
I mean,
that is,
that is New Orleans in a nutshell.
That and there's not a vegetable to be found in this city.
Yeah.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
let's go with the f the,
the first thing first,
the,
uh,
the packer's cowboys game.
All right.
I get it.
Like the fact that that isn't ruled a fucking catch,
and I know everybody's sick of it at this point,
but I don't give a fuck if I saw one more nerd who looked like he could even
catch a fucking beach ball.
Underhanded.
Okay.
In a fucking playroom.
Explained to me why watching Dez Bryant catch that ball.
And then you have,
it's said it wasn't a catch out.
I was going to fucking throw the TV out.
The why I wasn't gonna do that.
Come on,
I get sued.
You know I'm not that Kinda Guy,
but
it's fucking unbelievable.
The Guy,
this is what kills me about that fucking rule.
Dez goes up,
catches the ball,
runs three steps and then because he's so fucking athletic,
he can,
he's got giant hands.
He can hold the ball in one hand against his wrist.
As he goes down,
he has the presence of mind to try to get it as close as he can to the goal line
and hits the ground,
pops out and then they go.
It's not a catch in every fucking thing about him.
Catching the ball is not admissible under the rule.
He goes up,
catches the ball,
not admissible,
moves it from one hand to another.
Not Admissible.
As far as control runs three steps.
She can't count the steps.
It was like some boss Hog Shit,
right then fucking extends his arm.
He did an extended far enough.
Okay.
And then he fucking,
it hits the ground and pop sal the ad no catch.
I'm trying to wrap my head around that fucking rule that all of that,
all of Dez Bryant catching that football is not admissible
because I don't know,
maybe,
maybe the rule is a good rule because as I was saying,
they want a clear cut definition of what is a catch you but isn't a catch.
Yeah.
I love that the ref thought it was a catch and then then disposed to be like
irrefutable evidence to like,
I'm just going to say the word evidence evidence that that uh,
I just,
I just fucking blew my mind like
yeah,
when they caught the ball,
if they gave it to them,
let's just say the cowboys punch it in then then they will up what,
three,
four,
whatever and then you get the excitement of the package,
get the ball back and Aaron Rodgers and they got two minutes.
You've got this unbelievable end to the game as opposed to where,
wow.
Oh we're sorry.
What you just saw happen.
Didn't really happen.
Fuck it.
That is,
I got to tell you,
that is the worst.
Okay?
I can't say it's the word,
like the Tuck rule is the worst fucking rule I ever seen in my line.
This is coming from a patriots fan.
The tuck rule is the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life.
There was never a problem with the help thing.
You know,
90% of the time,
even before instant replay,
was his arm going back or was it going forward?
And that was either,
you know,
incomplete pass or a fumble,
that whole thing that it,
but if they get then tuck it against you like a little fucking loaf of bread,
that that becomes water.
An incomplete pass.
The dumbest fucking rule I've ever seen him in the life.
And before you rate a fans feel vindicated that I'm saying this.
No,
that you have a super bowl trophy and I've,
I remind you this because you guys are so busy dressing up like fucking Alison
wonderland before you go to the game.
All right?
You're a bunch of theater majors that you forget that Superbowl 11 you won that
on a horrific roughing the passer call that put the ball all the way down on the
one yard line.
Okay.
Against the New England patriots.
So it evened out.
Okay.
Eight even though,
right?
So we have one that we shouldn't have and you have one that you shouldn't have.
So we're fucking even,
but Jesus Christ and my page has had the biggest fucking,
whenever I can't get over the fact that they fucked me as a fan and said that
that wasn't a catch and a and exciting end of that game.
And instead
see how he long however long look,
look pissed.
It was like as a fucking catch.
Exactly.
It is a fucking catch.
But now with these new nerd rules,
you can't count the steps why
he added in his both of his hands.
You can't count.
You can't count it.
He extended his hand to EA,
didn't extend it far enough.
The fuck motors the guy have to,
Dez Bryant basically got punished for having gigantic hands and being athletic.
Okay.
You don't even mean because anybody else would be so psyched.
They just got the ball.
They would have fucking tucked it in and it would have been a catch.
But he was so fucking athletic that despite the fact that that guy was pulling
her down to the ground,
he still fucking caught it.
The other guy had positioned,
he still fucking call it,
caught it.
He was going down to the ground.
He's still maintain possession of the fucking ball and then has a presence of
mind to see the goal line and try to get it across,
which is,
that's what caused the ball not to be caught.
Okay.
It's cause Dez.
Brian is so fucking good.
I mean that's another thing is the cowboys spent all this fucking money on this
guy,
a first round draft pick for that exact moment in the game and the guide
delivered and that's stupid rule.
Takes it away.
Ah,
a fucking unreal.
Jesus Christ.
Is there anybody remotely athletic looking who can actually get on the TV and
tell me why that isn't a fucking catch.
Put it this way.
I understand why.
How we long thought it was a catch and that fucking nerd
who goes out loud.
You know,
you can't count the steps.
Cy,
you can't tag,
you know,
he has a bobble heads,
but it has to be clear and present danger.
Let they yay a motive involved and the Da,
you gotta take the due process.
Whatever the fuck he was talking about is you're watching literally like
he was almost like a cult leader who was just telling you what you were seeing
wasn't happening.
So they'll still think you know,
his version of Jesus or whatever
he,
he caught the fucking ball.
That's another thing.
Another rule.
Let's just talk about NFL rules here.
Ground can't cause the fumble.
Why
the ground causes a fumble every fucking game.
I see it all the time.
The ground can't cause a fumble.
You just don't call it the ground causes way more fumbles than Lawrence Taylor
ever fucking did.
Ground can't cause a fumble.
That's bullshit.
You should say we don't count it.
If the ground causes a fumble.
I mean that,
that's,
that's how I looked at that plate.
Dez Bryant caught the ball and then the ground cause the fumble and then he
fucking recovered it.
Okay.
No,
not according to rule number 98.75 and the g the book of Genesis.
What a crock of shit that fucking rule is or is it a good rule and it just had
an unfortunate time of rearing its ugly head.
I got to a second.
Is all those fat cheesy morons fucking nodding their jobs right now.
Can you hear it?
Can you hear him shaking up in Rhineland,
Ryan Lander,
whatever the fuck.
I used to do gigs out there.
Um,
and I didn't have a fucking dog in that fight.
I just as an NFL fan was like oh my God,
the cowboys and I've got to get a touchdown and go up and I get to see if the
packers can answer just now.
No,
nope.
The nerds come out with their fucking protractors.
Do you understand that?
They just said you can't count the steps.
The guy caught the ball and is running as he's falling to the ground.
He still running
cause he sat level of an athlete and they go,
you can't count that.
All right,
whatever of Jesus Christ,
Jesus Christ.
I mean that almost killed the excitement I had of the Patriot speeding the
ravens.
That's how much I fucking hate this.
Yeah,
the turn that sports have taken,
you know where they got all these fucking causes attached to everything and
people crying during the fucking commercials and then this shit,
you get to watch a guy make a fucking great catch and then it's taken away
because of it.
The last [inaudible] of the fucking move.
That's what they look at.
Everything else of that amazing play not,
doesn't count,
doesn't fucking count.
And there's another thing too,
the amount of fucking morons that don't understand the definition of Karma.
Who sat there and said,
hey it's Karma baby.
You know,
cause there was a ship called the week before that went in favor of the cowboys.
The cowboys didn't make the call.
All the cowboys are guilty of is showing up and playing the Detroit lions.
If anybody's going to pay for those bad calls,
it's still refs the refs.
Fuck the lions,
not the cowboys.
So then the rest come back the next week and what are they doing?
Are they evening out their Karma?
What does that mean?
So that means I could go out and go murder somebody and then the next week I
help an old lady across the fucking street and then it's even,
it isn't.
They fucked.
They fucked up two weeks in a god damn bro.
I Dunno.
I just,
I can't fucking believe this.
Not a catch the stupidest thing ever.
He caught the ball.
You can't count that.
He's still going down to the ground.
Yeah,
he's getting tackled.
He had to jump over the guy he's getting tackled and he's still maintain control
of the fucking ball.
And anybody who tries to say when he reached out with that ball that that ball
isn't right as rain and it's not even moving and that Dez Bryant does not have
completely come complete control of that.
You're a packer fan or you're a fucking,
yeah,
I don't know what you are.
I don't know what you're looking at that he clearly has like the fact that
the fact that it has to be up against your fucking body.
The guy's clearly reaching towards the goal line.
I like,
all right,
I'm done.
All right,
we're going to go reverse here in reverse direction.
We'll do the Sunday games.
And then the Saturday games,
um,
the colts
beat the Broncos Bolt,
Paul Versey and uh,
Jason Law had both called that law had even went as far as to say that it's the
cults rush for a hundred yards against the Broncos.
They were going to win by two scores,
so he extra called it.
And um,
and once again,
I feel vindicated after 10 years,
way back in the day when we were winning championships and they were still
saying,
if you had to build a team,
you know,
if I had to pick a guy,
I'd go with Peyton manning over,
Tom Brady.
Um,
I'm telling you,
I don't know what the fuck it is.
But you saw it this weekend.
One guy was down by 14 points twice and still won the game.
And the other guy,
uh,
you know,
you saw what happened.
Okay,
I'm sick of that fucking argument.
All right.
I've said it forever.
If you want 600 yards in October,
you know who you want.
If you want to win in January,
All right,
that's it.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Okay.
And Hey,
cults,
fence.
How psyched to you that he was on the other side of the ball.
Now,
you know,
you got Andrew Luck.
You know,
a little love on Andrew.
Luck is,
I guess,
you know,
you need to go to Stanford.
He was a three point something GPA and I guess he's a super smart guy.
I love the fact that he's a super smart guy,
but he looks like he should be barefoot wearing overalls.
Sit next to a moonshine still.
You know,
he looks like right on it like central casting.
Like he'd just be sitting there with some straw hanging out of his mouth.
Um,
and I think that they're going to give the Patriots a hell of a fucking game
next weekend.
That's once again,
just like when we played the ravens,
I wasn't going to be surprised if we lost at home because,
uh,
through the fucking rave is man,
what an organization they are,
you know,
losing all those guys.
Ed Read Ray Lewis and ray rice and they still come out.
They get a beast at running back.
How fucking horrific that we look against the run.
Letting up that guy,
that guy must have average like 12 yards per carry in the first half.
Um,
that came was an absolute classic and I'm not going to fucking shit talking or
anything about that because,
uh,
I actually,
I liked the ravens.
I think their organization is a,
I think they're a great fucking organization and a,
I wish that we had the knack for drafting,
drafting,
defensive players the way they do or what the,
whatever the fuck they're doing down there.
Um,
so I didn't see the Seattle game because I was flying out,
uh,
flying out to New Orleans.
But,
um,
I did see bits and pieces of it and I'm sticking with that.
That's my pic to uh,
to win the Superbowl,
um,
is gonna be the,
the Seattle Seahawks are going to repeat unless they completely fuck up.
Which would be fun to see,
you know,
with all the bandwagon Seahawk fans now,
which you always get when we got the band wagon,
fucking patriots fans,
all those jerk offs coming to the stadium now dress like fucking Paul revere
showing up to the game with your dumb long rifle.
Whatever the fuck you doin Dick.
Where were those guys?
Were those guys back in the day?
One of Sullivan Stadium Look like some glorified high school program?
Where the fuck were they?
They would know her.
So I'm not shitting on when I shit on Seahawk fans.
I'm not shitting on those people that fucking sat in the kingdom and Seahawk
fans.
You know who the fuck I'm shitting on
that was fucking jerk off showing up.
Peyton themselves green.
Who does that with your construction helmet?
This,
how many of those fucking people that wear those construction helmets are
actually construction people working on a job site?
How shameful would that be
if you actually showed up?
We were in a construction helmet and you can't construct anything,
right.
I would be as offended if he showed up wearing a fucking apron and he couldn't
make a pie crust from scratch.
Fucking jerk off showing up with your fucking American flag on the side of your
helmet.
Oh God.
It turns out to you're an accountant who just does p 90 x.
Okay.
And who paints your back?
That's what I want to know.
Is it your buddy?
Does he put the green makeup on your back?
It's the whole fucking thing is just so dungeons and dragons.
It just gives me chills.
I can't handle it.
So anyways,
next week,
um,
I've gotta be honest with you.
I don't know who the fuck's gonna win.
I have no idea ma'am.
Go sticking with my pick that Seattle's gonna re repeat and uh,
you know,
and other than that,
I just got a bunch of cliches of anything can happen if anybody can beat the
fucking sea hawks.
It's the fucking packers or whatever.
But,
um,
I think it's going to be a patriot.
Seattle and the Superbowl and I,
I dunno the fact that we got absolutely no pressure on Joe Flacco and we were
actually getting manhandled by two rookie lineman.
I don't think that that's a good thing considering they have a Wilson and
fucking whatever the fuck his name is there,
who ran through the entire saints.
Uh,
Marshawn Lynch,
I don't think that's going to be a good thing for us.
And uh,
yeah,
I would say that I would say that.
And it just put as far as like the defense is that be played up against to see
how much Brady has been on his back,
um,
to then go up against Seattle who looks like they are the best fucking defense
out there.
Like,
I just,
I mean that's,
it's not fucking rocket science.
I mean,
as a patriots fan,
I hope that we would beat them,
but,
uh,
I dunno.
I don't know.
Fuck.
I don't fucking know,
Dude.
You know,
I am.
Since I can't fucking get over the fact that they took that fucking catch away.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
What a fucking buzzkill weren't,
weren't,
were on.
And you just get to watch him run out the clock.
Anyways,
let's get to some of the fucking advertising here for this week.
Um,
all right.
vegas.com isn't the one for my listeners.
10% off everything excluding air hotel packages.
Go to vegas.com right now.
And when you book hotels,
shows and activities get 10% off.
When you enter my code burpee,
you are are all lowercase levels.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Beyond in there.
Uh,
they really do serve up Vegas from the inside gross because unlike other travel
sites,
they're there from Vegas.
everyone@vegas.com lives in Vegas,
works in Vegas and parties in Vegas.
Top 10 Vegas must do is take a photo at the welcome to fabulous Las Vegas,
Nevada side.
Come on.
You know you're going to do it a shoot a Zombie in the face.
Drive a car really fast.
Jump off the stratosphere.
There's no fucking way I would ever do that.
Uh,
experience Elvis be a rock star for a day.
Hang out at a topless optional pool club.
Oh yeah.
Be a fucking creep over there.
A dance like a stripper.
Get married at Denny's,
enter my code burr in the Promo box and checkout at checkout and get an extra
10% off everything but air hotel packages.
That's vegas.com and get your bonus savings with my secret code for B U.
R.
If anybody does that,
do me a favor.
Do not jump off the fucking top of the stratosphere.
I'm calling it right now.
Somebody is going to fall to their death.
You can see that sandy dirt fucking coming right up at you.
You don't want that.
Who the fuck?
Who the fuck puts puts a God rollercoaster
at the top of that Jetson looking thing?
The whole thing looks like it was.
It's going to tip over.
Then you get to put a fucking rollercoaster up there.
I don't know.
Alright.
draftkings.com everybody draftkings.com your season long fantasy football league
may be over,
but there's still plenty of excitement every week@draftkings.com draft kings is
America's favorite one week fantasy football site where you could win enormous
cash prizes every time you play.
True Story.
According to draft kings.com I have not done any research to back this up,
but Dave from Boston won 1 million bucks in one day just playing fantasy
football.
Draft kings.camp.
So did Matt from Florida and Ray from New Jersey.
That's three millionaires.
In fact,
draft kings as crown,
a new millionaire nearly every week.
This season,
the football action even continues throughout the playoffs@draftkings.com and be
sure to check out their exciting moneymaking contest in other sports too,
like hockey and college and pro hoops.
You've been hearing about big winners at draftkings all year.
You're never going to hear about the losers because this is all about
positivity.
Now it's your turn to win.
Huge cash.
Call to action.
Had to draft kings.com now and use the Promo Code Defense,
uh,
to play for free in the hundred thousand dollar fantasy football contest this
weekend.
draftkings.com bigger events,
bigger winnings,
bigger millionaires and to defense for free entry
now@draftkingsdotcomdraftkingsdotcomthatisdraftkings.com.
Um,
any more I got here,
I should probably read one more.
Balanced them out here.
National Academy of Sports Medicine.
Jesus Christ,
this is pretty hoity toity for my podcast.
They're here.
Everybody.
New Year's resolutions.
Everyone's got one.
Get in shape,
be healthier,
get a new job,
Bang that broad.
Two cubicles down there.
Uh,
become a certified personal trainer with the National Academy of Sports Medicine
and you can do all three.
This is actually a great job they get with all those baby boomers who are still
trying to do a stair master.
You know,
they're going to blow out the hips and knees and you can help rehab them.
as they tell you how they went to Woodstock.
Anyways,
the fitness industry is booming.
Yeah.
Is everybody's P90x thing and doing all that insanity stuff,
blowing out your joints steady,
just eating a salad and going for a walk.
Learning about nutrition.
Uh,
the fitness industry is booming and the demand for personal trainers is soaring.
Imagine waking up every day excited to go to work,
not to a job,
but a rewarding career.
Getting paid to stay in shape while helping others reach their fitness goals.
You set your own hours.
Fuck,
I can't stop yawning or can a health clubs,
sports clinics,
and corporate wellness,
and you'll,
you'll love who you work with.
Finally,
do what you truly enjoy and get paid for it.
Get ahead on 2015 and begin your career with the National Academy of Sports
Medicine.
Now,
if you don't land a job as a personal trainer within 60 days of certification,
they'll give you your money back.
Wow.
Guaranteed.
Call the action.
I you're not supposed to read that.
Go To my USA trainer.com my USA trainer.com for a free 14 day sneak peek at
their fast and fun online program.
That's my USA trainer.com.
My USA trainer.com restrictions apply.
Visit my us trainer.com for details.
Why did they make you say it three times every fucking one of them.
Blahblahblahblahblah Blahblahblahblah blue.
That's blue bubble bubble.
It's like,
yeah,
I fucking got it.
I'm sorry.
I'm in such a country mood.
Fucking God damn blue balls.
I have watching that fucking package.
Goddamn fucking game.
Come on.
As a football fan,
you didn't want to see the cowboys score and then seek Aaron Rodgers come down
and answer it.
Yeah,
go fuck yourself anyways.
Okay.
Hey,
can I talk about this week?
Oh I uh,
as far as the helicopter license thing goes,
I sold it for the first time this week off airport.
Uh,
the first one I did was as it goes,
45 minute round trip,
but the second one I threw,
I flew for three hours and six minutes by myself over the La Basin and I'm not
going to lie to you.
That was the scariest fucking thing I've ever done in my life.
And uh,
I told my instructor that too.
When I came back,
I was told them I was scared shitless and he laughed his ass off and said that
he was too.
So it actually made me feel normal cause I gotta be honest with you.
By the time I got back to the airport,
I didn't want to fly anymore.
I was looking down at the Hobbs meter and I had to have three hours by myself or
Ross.
This lesson didn't count and I got there.
I looked down and I was like a 24 minutes short,
like the Hobbs meter rolls in like six minute intervals.
So I was,
you know,
six times four is 24 minutes short.
So I had to fly the fucking traffic pattern for like 24 minutes before I finally
set the thing down.
And I'll tell you my favorite part of the flight was when I pulled the mixture
and the fucking engine shut off.
The scariest fucking thing.
It was also awesome.
You know what it is?
It's in between.
In between airports is cool.
Making the radio calls in that even though I fuck him up.
MMM.
It's going.
When you get to an airport,
it's like,
am I going to be able to see it?
Am I going to get in the traffic pattern the right way?
Do I know which way the runways,
all of that fucking shit.
Even though you know it,
you just sitting there going,
oh my God,
what if I fuck this up?
What if I fuck this up?
And it's the biggest fucking relief when you join the traffic pattern,
you get clearance and everything and you did it right.
I did one came in low approach and then took off,
which means I don't land.
And I was like,
okay,
thank God,
thank God that's fucking over.
And then I had to go land at this other one and uh,
yeah,
I dunno.
I came back and I was on the wrong fucking frequency and I'm calling the fucking
airport and then not,
you know,
they're not hearing what I'm saying and I'm going and the information I need is
in the like in the compartment under the seat.
So I'm literally going like,
now what the fuck do I do?
Do I get to fly back to the other airport,
get into their airspace?
That's what I got to do.
Now I've got to ask them what the fuck the frequency is.
But fortunately the tower picked it up,
saw me coming in and told me what frequency I needed to be on,
which was such a fucking relief.
And,
um,
dude,
I gotta tell you,
I've fucking,
I've gone skydiving.
I did.
It's doing stand up showtime at the Apollo.
I'm trying to think like,
other than,
you know,
maybe,
I don't know,
walking into the ocean,
I went snorkeling one time and the fucking care of being,
and that was,
that was right up.
There was nothing,
nothing scary set.
Just looking over at that fucking empty seat.
Just go.
And like,
if anything fucks up right now,
this is on me.
MMM.
Fucking emotionally spent.
Then I went home and I,
uh,
I'm not gonna lie to you had a belt,
a whiskey,
and it felt,
I felt a little better.
But,
uh,
then a couple of nights later I had my first night flight and did that with an
instructor and it was the coolest fucking thing I ever did.
And I actually got to transition,
uh,
Bravo airspace over fucking,
lax at night.
It was the coolest thing I ever fucking did as far as flying as I'm flying.
You know,
you transition,
I think it was like at 1500 feet.
This literally like a commercial jet landing underneath you.
Just fucking unreal is fucking unreal.
Okay.
I felt like I was in die hard.
And um,
I'm not gonna lie to you,
man.
Flew all the way up to Camp Marilla airport landed there and it's just a whole
other fucking world.
Some flying this little egg beater,
right?
Robinson are 20 to look it up.
Yeah,
I know.
It looks fucking small and it is small.
It's basically the smart car of fucking helicopters.
But what I like about it is because it's so not complex,
there's way less less shit that can possibly fail on the fucking thing.
But anyways,
you land at these airports and then you just see,
you just see this whole other world
of just people you don't run into because they have their own airplanes,
you know,
like,
I dunno,
I dunno what these people do for a fucking living,
but my instructors go in like just pointing out the planes.
That's 8 million.
That's 15 million.
That's a g six Jerry Jones or the cowboys has one that's 52 fucking million.
52 million
Dallas.
What are the monthly payments on that?
How do you even buy a jet?
Is it like going in when you get a car and you go in there and some,
you know,
you're looking at the jet,
you just walk up on the lot and then some scumbag comes walking around the other
side.
Hey,
you like this?
Well it's a g six.
It's got his hands in his pocket,
rubbing his fucking ball bag.
What do we got a do at a,
they get you when this jet tomorrow?
Um,
I'm sure you don't.
Right?
Okay.
I think when you buy big shit like that,
don't you just call up?
Okay.
You don't want to sell cigarettes,
rob and mark and then they just fucking,
you don't stock it up with booze and whores and they give it to you with a big
bow on it.
Isn't that what you do?
Pay for it with your blood diamond money?
I don't,
I don't know what the fuck happens,
but,
um,
yeah,
I'm about month out.
I got six more flights and a,
I'm doing all the pre,
uh,
the pre right now to finally go and get my license and uh,
I can't fucking wait.
Okay.
This is something that I never thought I'd be able to accomplish because I'm
fucking stupid.
And uh,
I knew I'd be able to fly the God damn thing,
but it's the ground school and all the science and physics behind it.
I thought I was going to fuck up,
but I actually,
I actually really enjoyed it.
I was having flashbacks and when I was in high school and I didn't know the
answers and all that shit and I didn't get stuff.
But,
uh,
fortunately I had really good instructors,
so it's been going,
it's been going pretty good so far.
That's all I can tell you.
Um,
part of that night flight came out of the valley,
went right up over Griffith Park,
flew between the observatory and the fucking Hollywood sign they need,
just follow the road,
made a left down the fucking 101 went right down downtown La and as calm and
flying down started heading south.
Okay.
I'm seeing these,
this thing it looks like,
okay.
The top of a smokestack.
Like what the fuck is that?
And it was the,
the fireworks over Disneyland.
He always killing me.
I was saying to my instructor,
go,
that's Disney didn't win is right fucking there.
Like when you drive to Disneyland from fucking Los Angeles,
it seems like it's fucking 400 miles away.
Yeah.
And I'm literally sitting in this helicopter and looking back over my shoulder
to roughly where I live and then looking over my other shoulder and I could see
where Disneyland is.
It's like,
Gee,
I could ride a bicycle there
anyways.
I'm not boring you with this shit.
MMM.
Let's get onto some of the reeds here this week.
Uh,
oh,
by the way.
Um,
here's something.
This is a,
this is not even an advertisement.
It's just a good thing that you can do,
uh,
be the match.org.
Uh,
it's a national registry for donating bone marrow.
they send you a kit,
a you swab.
Oh my God.
I thought they were going to say you do it yourself.
Just fucking jam a needle in there.
No,
they send you a kit.
You Swab your cheek and mail it back.
If you're a match,
you can save someone's life.
They handle all expenses.
Uh,
also saving someone's life is a great story to help you get laid.
Thanks.
Who the hell wrote that?
Uh,
tons of emails calling you out on the traffic gap.
95% of them explained the importance of safety and efficiency.
Two examples below.
Okay,
here we go.
The traffic gap.
MMM.
Oh yeah.
I've got a lot of these people who talk about how you drive a stick shift.
First off,
I have a stick shift.
So rather than driving bumper to bumper and writing my clutch,
I give myself some room so that once I see those red brake lights come on in
front of me,
I let off the gas and then accelerate again.
Once the brake light goes off.
I hardly ever have to come to a complete stop and shift yet might sound selfish
and lazy,
but whatever.
I'm sure it was some selfish texting jerk off that got in the accident up the
road that caused all of the traffic to begin with.
Oh yeah.
There you go.
Justify how you don't understand how to drive a stick shift.
You know,
all you gotta do,
first of all,
you're not riding your clutch.
Riding a clutch is when you have it partially engaged and disengaged and you're
hitting the gas that is riding the clutch.
All right?
All you gotta do is as you coast up,
just put it in neutral and you can take your foot off.
You could do that.
You could give a fuck about the person behind you.
Okay.
Riding the clutch.
Um,
anyways,
I'm going to burn out my clutch man.
Doing what?
Engaging it properly.
Um,
secondly,
I don't,
I guess you may be the,
the,
the other components of it,
but the clutch itself,
you're not going to wear burnout,
right.
Anyway.
Secondly,
a lot of traffic is formed just because people are merging onto the highway and
without providing some space.
How the fuck will the flow startup again,
please tell me you're not one of those dishes that doesn't let people merge
because you think you have more important shit to get to a no,
but I'm also not one of those dishes that thinks that people changing lanes
causes traffic.
Okay.
What causes traffic as there's not too many fucking people and not enough lanes
for the amount of people on the highway.
I'm sure people cutting in and out doesn't help.
Okay.
But I changed lanes all the time when I drive down the road.
And if there's no nobody on the road,
it doesn't cause traffic.
Um,
yeah,
that's just,
just some bullshit.
They know.
I let people on the,
on the road.
I've actually,
now that I've started flying,
I have actually become way more fucking courteous,
a driver.
But,
um,
and when somebody cuts me off and actually does a crazy move,
so I don't flip out,
I just go,
I've done that.
It's a good move.
I can't get mad.
I can't get mad at an,
at an aggressive move.
It's that just that fucking,
okay.
Just lay it back 20 fucking car lengths.
It's just so fucking selfish.
Just pull up.
Everybody wants to get to where they're going just inch up as the traffic is
inching up.
Do everybody else to fucking solid.
You're not burning out your clutch.
You know,
you decide you're the one who decided to get a fucking stick shift.
Did you think you were never going to run into traffic?
So now everybody behind you have to,
dude,
I got to fucking,
oh,
my old truck.
Okay.
That thing's a motherfucker has to shift.
I don't even have power steering on that Goddamn thing.
I come home.
I'm an old man.
I'm tired when I drive it,
but I still pull up you lazy.
Fuck.
Anyways.
Secondly,
a lot of traffic swarm just because,
oh no,
I actually read that.
Okay.
Number two,
a billion on the,
uh,
on this last week show you work yourself up into a normal,
your normal friends.
He just thinking about due to leave space in front of them and traffic and
couldn't fathom any reason why you someone could do this.
The,
the fact that you used the word fathom.
I'm expect,
I'm accepting,
uh,
expecting that you're going to be doing something.
You're going to really talk down to me here.
Um,
I'm one of those guys though,
maybe not exactly what you were describing,
that leased space in front of my car and traffic.
Uh,
there,
there is a simple reason why fluid dynamics.
A few years ago I stumbled upon this website traffic waves.org and it changed my
whole way of thinking about traffic.
I'm not a scientist so I can't do as good a job explains traffic is this guy.
But essentially traffic jams can be thought of as traveling waves of
condensation and a single driver can disrupt these waves by anticipating jams
and maintaining a constant rate of travel rather than engaging in stop and go
traffic,
uh,
and go with the flow of stuff.
Traffic.
A single driver has the effect of disrupting the traffic wave for the vehicles
behind that driver.
Yeah,
I've done that.
I've slowed how quickly I've come up,
but I'm talking about leaving,
leaving like I know exactly what you're talking about.
I actually experimented one time if I could drive like,
cause you'll see like traffic moving up and stopping and then you see the ripple
of movement coming towards you and then as that ripple movements coming towards
you,
you see where it stops,
starts to move again and then you experiment.
Can I keep,
keep everybody behind me to continue moving without having to step on the break.
I've done that,
but you don't have to do that for fucking 50 fucking car lengths behind you
because when you do that,
everybody starts cutting into your lane anyways.
I'll continue with what he's saying.
In other words,
if I drive at a constant rate of speed approaching and through a traffic jam,
sole other drives drivers behind me and the jam itself will disappear.
Okay.
Um,
no.
What does it,
it doesn't disappear you,
there's still a zillion cars in front of you and you're going half a mile an
hour.
So rather than going 18 miles an hour and then stopping and then going 80 miles
an hour and stopping,
you just going to consistently go half a mile of fucking hour and then
mathematically you feel like you're going faster
anyway.
So,
so besides saving me the mental stress of stop and go traffic,
I drive a stick.
So it's especially annoying and save the wear on my car.
I'm also improving the driving conditions for my fellow company commuters.
Oh Jesus.
This guy's making himself into being a hero.
Something to think about the next time you screaming at the slow guy in front of
you.
I knew it the second he said fathom.
I knew there was going to be some sort of life lesson in there.
Um,
I,
you guys are fooling yourself.
Okay?
Okay.
You're eliminating the stop and go part of the traffic,
but you're not eliminating the traffic and you're completely ignoring the fact
that this way too fucking many people on the road for the amount of fucking
lanes,
there's still traffic.
All right.
With the little ripple theater,
uh,
theory there,
I don't buy into it.
Um,
other than the fact that you can keep it
going at a ridiculously low rate of speed.
Um,
I think it's common sense that somebody then cutting into your lane cause they
then take up that space that that will cause you to stop.
But this,
this fantasy that if everybody just stayed in their lanes and coasted along,
that you wouldn't be late now and that there would be no traffic.
I guess there would be no stop in the tree.
They was still be fucking traffic.
Alright,
there you go.
Okay.
[inaudible] devastated.
Hi Bill.
I'm from the UK and I've recently discovered your brand of comedy.
Wait,
let's go back to the traffic thing.
Okay.
So how about everybody who's listening to this stuff?
All right.
How about you try to keep it moving by doing that type of thing while you also
agree that you're still in a traffic jam.
Can we all do that?
There's a little bit of both.
Everybody happy?
I'm devastated.
I want everybody who get buys a stick shift know that you're going to be in
traffic someday and that it's going to suck and don't make the person behind.
You have to fucking pay for your,
uh,
you know,
you're fucking decision to get a standard rather than an automatic.
All right?
Devastated.
Hi,
Bill.
I'm from the UK and I've recently discovered your brand of comedy,
which is fantastic.
Well,
thank you.
My brother who lives in Pittsburgh was over in the UK in December,
and I was showing him your standup on Netflix and he's now spreading the joy.
However,
imagine to our horror when our 64 year old mom decides to tell us that she
really fancies the ginger guy.
You were just watching,
um,
what I was just watching
your work.
He rushed.
You wrote your just,
you mean you were watching.
My Dad is a ginger,
so I suppose it's inner standable not understandable.
It's understandable.
Uh,
keep up the good work.
Love to see you in the UK sometime and go fuck yourself.
Uh,
wait a minute.
I don't understand the whole,
what the fuck was that whole thing?
Okay.
You enjoy me?
Oh,
fancies as enlights me thinks I'm a good looking guy.
that's hilarious.
That's right buddy.
Deal with it.
Deal with the image of your mother riding me.
That's disgusting.
I'm sorry.
Jesus Christ.
Do it or you don't.
If you worked on your pronouns and your spelling,
I could've got that all in one take.
All right.
Extra point.
Billy botched snapper.
Uh,
my brother and I were kickers back in the back in our day.
He played d one college football.
I wasn't that good,
but still better than most kickers in high school at the time.
Anyways,
I wanted to defend the extra point just like you do.
It isn't the most difficult thing to do,
but it's super.
But it's super important.
I've missed an extra point when time was expired,
which resulted in a one point loss for our team.
Jesus Christ,
let me tell you,
that weighs on a person heavily as a kicker.
He have all the eyes on you making a mistake,
um,
that much more.
Making mistake,
that much more noticeable true story while in college,
my brother and missed an important kick and receive death threats for one kick
quarterbacks and running backs can often be balled out.
Bikes failed up by excuses,
um,
such as the line didn't block well or whatever.
The extra point looks so easy because football fans are having the opportunity
to watch someone who takes time and puts effort into the craft of kicking watch
a high school game or a college game where there's not a true quick,
not a true kicker at the position.
And I'm sure 99.9% or whatever don't get made.
Um,
I wouldn't say it's that high.
I can make an extra point,
but I still liked the extra point.
I am biased I guess,
but fuck it.
Kicking is hard and unappreciated in my eye.
Underappreciated in my eyes.
Thanks for the last and go fuck yourself.
Um,
yeah,
absolutely.
Yeah.
Listen first.
Firstly,
we actually went for and all this weekend with his,
his,
um,
playoff pics.
And if you don't believe them,
listen to them,
gloat about it for an hour on his podcast.
Dad,
what do they say of fucking amazing.
Um,
but uh,
you know,
I don't know.
I'm one of those guys.
I liked it.
I liked that nerdy shit.
I'm so fucking sick of not being able to yell this week.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Um,
anyways,
what am I doing here?
Clan problems,
top Jesus Christ.
How fucking creepy is it?
By the way,
that horrific thing that happened in,
uh,
in France and now watching all these fucking people coming out there and trying
to blame the goddamn religion over it,
like we don't have Jesus freaks said blow up abortion clinics.
Uh,
fucking I just fucking drives me nuts that adults can fucking think that way.
You know what I mean?
Good.
Fuck.
I mean,
you could basically,
you could attach any bad thing that happens.
All you'd have to do is just find out where it religion the person is and then
everybody in that thing is fucking is fucking wrong.
Yeah.
Then it is there.
They're fucking everywhere.
They're under your bed.
Then they try to get everybody into this giant panic.
I don't fucking get it.
It's like,
but like the,
the whole fucking isis thing.
You're literally talking about they don't have a navy,
they don't have any fucking air support
granite.
They could come over here and they could do something horrific.
Yes.
But the level of what they could do versus what the fuck we can do.
I'm just not going to get into this panic and I live,
you know,
I live in Los Angeles and I go to La lax all the fucking time.
God knows what the fuck it happened.
All right.
But to sit there and to these fucking jerk offs on TV,
try to get me into this fearful state
that,
you know,
we have to,
just obliterate an entire fucking religion.
Okay.
I don't,
and just watching adults just given to that,
it's just,
it's the most,
it's the dumbest fucking thing I've ever seen in my life.
It's no different than like when that,
uh,
a bola thing and everybody was freaking out.
Cause like 12 people had it.
Oh,
I,
yeah.
Okay.
What's going to happen?
What's going to happen is we're going to deal with it and everybody's going to
be fucking fine.
All right.
This shit that they say on TV is going to get a lot of innocent people,
you know,
something fucking horrible is going to happen to them.
So that,
that's your fucking response.
Okay.
You know,
innocent people die.
So then more innocent people have to die.
It's just,
I dunno,
although fucking things depressing.
And with that,
let's talk about clan problems.
Uh,
I live in rural Alabama and have a problem.
Only someone in my savage ass backwards in bread area of the country could have,
I'm a 25 year old female and my dad,
my dad is a member of the local organization of the KKK.
Okay.
Um,
but by the way,
it's,
it's the Ku Klux Klan,
not the clue.
Cool.
All right.
Okay.
Like Yin and Yang.
It's not ying and Yang,
as I said forever.
I also said the Klu Klux Klan,
um,
a a,
anyways,
he's,
he's a,
he's a member of the local organization of the Ku Klux Klan.
I actually just for comedic reasons would love to go to a Klan meeting just to
listen to what they say.
And then I would just start talking and see how much shit I could make up just
to hear him.
I know,
I know it,
I was taken after y'all the day I'm a full racist slur spewing white supremacy.
That's what a dad is.
I have a six year old daughter that I have that I had after a one night stand.
So the child is half Mexican,
half white.
Gee.
I wonder how that happened and rebelled against your dad.
Look at that.
You attract what you fear.
Uh,
my dad,
her grandfather treats her terribly.
Not,
not with like physical abuse or anything,
but horrible,
horrible name.
Calling.
Taunting.
Yeah.
In quotes,
go back to Mexico.
You wet back.
He says that to a six year old to a fucking,
she wrote to a fucking six year old girl.
I like that.
Go back to Mexico when the kid was born here.
Okay.
Uh,
even though she doesn't really understand what they are saying to her,
it tears me up inside.
Every time I take her to a gathering with them and subject her to this
treatment,
I really wish I could just disown them.
That was going to be my suggestion.
Move to another part of America.
There's actually civilized and wouldn't care about this,
but I can't pull myself away from the fact it is my father and we're supposed to
love each other.
Especially with the family centered society.
We have a here in the south.
Uh,
but I feel like I'm being very selfish,
subjecting my daughter to this horrible abuse because I'm too weak to leave.
Uh,
what,
what do you think I should do a,
first of all,
you should stop being so hard on yourself.
You can't pick who your parents are and uh,
you know,
you're not being weak because that is your dad and you're going to love him.
I think you were actually a,
a well adjusted person.
Do you understand what you're doing to your daughter?
And I think,
you know,
the decision you're going to have to make.
And um,
I dunno,
I guess to make yourself feel better.
I would try to
give this guy another chance before he goes off to his clan meeting,
you know,
when he's got the sheet on,
but not the hood,
right?
As he's putting it on just yet.
Hey Dad,
can I talk to you for a second?
And he just lifts up the sheet.
Like,
oh,
what,
what's that?
What do you want to talk about?
And just give them a chance to say,
listen,
I'm going to leave.
If you don't stop,
add,
fuck that.
He's not going to stop.
You've got to leave.
You should just leave and then Skype with them,
you know,
would that be the thing to do?
But I want to fucking horrible.
Uh,
I can't believe that there's still the clan
you don't want,
I mean,
this,
this fucking,
that's kind of seems so surreal to be that.
That's like a being in the climate.
It's like wearing a powdered wig,
you know?
It's like you still doing that,
you know,
they've got a hair plugs.
Um,
anyways,
I'll let you know something up that actually depresses the shit out of me.
I'm sorry that you're going through that,
but I gotta be honest with you.
Uh,
the south gets a bad rap as far as people thinking that that's the only place
that there's more ons to think horrible fucking things.
Uh,
look at some of the shit that was said about Muslims,
the Muslim religion anyways,
after what happened in France by people who weren't in the south.
These are people who actually were journalists,
um,
went to college and all of that type of shit.
So,
uh,
I dunno,
I don't fucking know,
but I would tell you it's,
I wouldn't do that to a kid if your parents were saying some stuff like that.
That's just really not funny is it?
All right,
let's fucking read.
Uh,
let's read some advertising here for this week.
Um,
where the fuck is it?
The live reads
now,
why I want that pop up.
I'm literally looking for the live reads and all I have right now.
It's just,
uh,
there is some reason it was somebody drew this son and I was smiling at me.
All right.
stamps.com everybody,
one great resolution you can make for the new year.
Maximize every minute and every dollar for your small business.
I know an easy way to do that.
stamps.com think about how much time you're wasting going to the post office
driving there,
finding parking,
talking to the homeless guy holding the door.
Dude,
I'll get you on the way out,
right?
stamps.com is the better way to get postage.
Just use what you already have your computer and printer to get official US
postage for any letter or packages or package.
Sorry.
And then,
okay.
Then the mailman picks it up with stamps.com everything you would do with the
post office you can do right at home from your own Goddamn desk and at a
fraction of the cost of one of those expensive postage meters.
I've been using stamps.com for the last couple of years,
sending out all my posters where if I'm at anytime I'm going to sell something,
I'll send it out.
Um,
the,
uh,
stamps.com,
right now I use my last name Berbee you to get this special offer,
no risk trial plus $110 bonus offer includes a digital scale and up to $55 free
postage.
Don't wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in yeah,
for a bur that stamps.com enter.
All right.
Legal Zoom
to,
do you know what else I heard when I was,
I was doing that flight.
That's solo flight as out on or the day before four and I did it with the
instructor.
We were flying by this airport where they have people.
Uh,
no.
I take people up to go skydiving and immediately of course,
the night before,
I'm actually thinking like,
what if somebody shoot doesn't open and that guy lands in my fucking main rotor?
Yeah.
Then what do I do?
I plumb it to my death.
That's what I do.
Um,
so anyways,
we would come up on that airport and we hear this guy come on the radio and he's
talking to the people down on the ground.
He goes,
he goes,
all right.
He goes,
that's the second time he goes,
that Korean guy,
okay.
Jumped out of the airplane at full power.
It goes,
he's going to rip my tail off some fucking maniac.
Okay.
I guess it was his second time.
He's gone up this skydiving,
you're supposed to wait till the plane slows down so you fall away from the
plane rather than go directly back into this fucking maniac jumped out at full
power.
MMM.
And the combination of the anger and fear in this guy's voice,
cause he almost just fucking died cause this jerk off jumped out,
uh,
was hilarious to me.
Um,
anyways.
Anyways would've fucking going to do you know what's another scary thing too is
when somebody announces it position and you're saying like,
you know I'm flying along the 10 at 1500 feet westbound base and traffic or
whatever,
and then you hear somebody else announced that they're in your same area,
headed eastbound and they're roughly the same at altitude and immediately what I
do is I either climb or go down a couple of hundred fucking feet and you're just
like,
fuck,
where is he warehoused?
There he is.
Thank Christ.
Um,
alright.
Legal Zoom everybody.
What's your top New Year's resolution?
If you're like me,
it's getting your life organized.
I didn't say that.
Why do they,
why do they put fucking words in my mouth?
What's my top New Year's resolution?
I'm trying to do one cigar a month even though I've only already smoked in
three.
All right,
let's,
let's read this the way I am.
Okay.
What's your top New Year's resolution?
If you like me,
it's cutting down on cigars,
but where do you begin now?
This copy's not going to make sense.
A great place to start is protecting your family.
What and a great way to take control of your family's futures to make a living
will or living trust?
Well,
I guess I could die from smoking cigars too much.
Uh,
that's where legal zoom can help.
There's no easier way to make sure your family is legally taken care of.
Getting your life organized also means taking control of your financial affairs.
So if you're thinking of starting a business,
I have to do,
I have to do a will,
man,
I really have to do a will.
Um,
write a,
we'll start,
uh,
we'll make a wheel.
Whatever the fuck you supposed to say.
So if you're thinking about starting a business or you already have on legal
zoom can help you form your business and provide the support you need to run a
successfully for more than 10 years,
legal zoom has helped millions of people get the personalized attention they
need.
And if you'd like more help,
they can contact you with an independent attorney in most states,
but they are not a law firm this month.
You can save even more money by entering Berbee.
You are in the referral box at checkout.
That's Promo Code.
[inaudible] don't let another year pass you by before getting your life
organized for legal help.
You can count on for your family or a small business.
Go to legalzoom.com Promo Code Burr.
Yeah,
I gotta do that Shit.
I really gotta do that Shit.
Um,
so many people I know is fucking passed away.
anyways,
I'll,
speaking of which another great comic past,
um,
the other day,
Taylor Negron,
everybody,
uh,
I only
only met him one time,
men have down at the Improv on Melrose.
And um,
I told him how much I loved this area.
Rug Joke.
You guys ever see the movie punchline?
And he was talking about going into buy a carpet and there was the,
uh,
the immigrant guy in there and I don't know what the fuck he was,
but he's talking about how when he said area rug,
he said he did.
He just opened his mouth and he didn't form any syllable.
I'm butchering the joke and then he goes,
uh,
yeah,
hey,
you know,
I want a,
uh,
I want,
I need to buy a carpet and not a big thing.
Just sort of a small,
you know,
little sectional thing,
a little carpet kind of thing.
And the guy goes to,
you don't want to cop it.
You want an ad
area rug,
whatever.
You got to see him do it.
It's fucking tons.
Literally doing the wave he played was in,
um,
it was the pizza guy.
Fast Times at Ridgemont high.
MMM.
He was in,
uh,
was it fast money or something like that?
The fuck was it?
The Rodney Dangerfield one,
whatever.
Just an absolutely brilliant guy.
A true fucking artist,
unfortunately passed away of cancer at 57.
So a shout out to him,
Taylor Negron,
uh,
going youtube watches videos,
watch his movies,
tell people about them.
Um,
just an amazing,
amazing artist.
And Eddie Brill,
by the way on Facebook,
was really good friends with them and uh,
wrote a way more better tribute then I just tried to give him,
um,
so anyways,
let's go back here.
Let's go back here.
To the fucking
do this podcast.
Sounds like you remember that SNL sketch at Alec Baldwin did,
where they made fun of,
uh,
what does it NPR and they talked about schweddy balls.
That's been my tone,
this entire fucking podcast.
I'll make it up next week when I can actually scream and yell here.
Why the fuck do I get the sunny smiley face again?
Why does it keep doing that?
MMM.
By the way,
guys,
I really got to work on my fucking temper.
I really do.
I get into a fucking argument with my wife,
right?
And she fucking wrote me.
I've never seen this before.
It was like a text message that was as long as the Gettysburg address about all
the things that I was doing wrong.
Okay.
Reams of information about what I was doing wrong.
And I gotta be honest with you.
I couldn't argue with any of it.
If anybody knows away,
then I can stop flipping out over little things and no,
this isn't going to hurt my fucking act because I'll still have the thought and
I'll be able to go off and a comedic way on stage.
If anybody knows a good way to do it.
I sat down,
I thought about all the fucking
dumb things that made me flip out yesterday when I sat down and I was watching,
I was watching 60 minutes and they was showing wounded veterans of the Iraqi
war.
This one guy like lost both his legs below the knee,
lost a thumb,
a chunk of his fucking left arm and his left eye and he's being positive and
he's fucking,
you know,
going up this hill like Jerry Rice would run up and I'm sitting here flipping
out because fucking people leave too much space and traffic.
I swear to God man.
Like I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know how to beat it.
I got,
I have the shortest.
Remember those fucking what?
What color were the firecrackers?
Was it the black ones that had the really short wick that you literally had to
be throwing them as you will lighting them like that is my temper.
Like I have such a bad fucking temper at this point.
Like now when I drive in the car,
I let my wife drive.
Like some guy who's got his fucking balls in her purse.
I just do it to keep the peace because if I'm riding in the car,
I don't flip out as much as when I'm driving.
Okay.
Uh,
I just,
I don't know.
Do you realize how ridiculous it is that I'm an angry man in a Prius?
How dumb is that in the sound of my horn as I'm screaming and yelling at people?
How fucking ridiculous I look and the fact that I know I looked at ridiculous,
I still can't stop doing it.
Like it is a real,
it's a real fucking problem.
I don't know.
I can't tell if I learned it from the people around me or if he just born and
angry fucking maniac,
but a,
it's a battle I've been fighting for the last 15 years of my adult life and I
have,
I don't think I've moved an inch forward other than just being able to admit it.
I have a fucking major God damn problem with my temper.
Like,
do you realize how fucking mad I got yesterday?
What that Dez Bryant catch?
I mean,
I talked about it for the first 20 minutes of the podcast.
Okay.
Who gives a fuck bill?
It's not your team.
You don't have any money on the game.
Why do I give a fuck?
Why is it then anger me when the guy comes on the TV to explain it and
immediately looking on this guy sucked in gym class.
You fucking suck.
Fuck him yelling at the TV.
Fuck you.
You can't even catch a football.
You fucking pussy maniac.
I'm in a fucking hotel room and I'm getting no,
the people on your side of the wall can hear me.
Okay.
Yeah.
How long am I going to continue to fucking embarrass myself?
Like,
do you know what?
My wife can't even watch fucking TV with me because I won't shut the fuck up and
something bugs me every three seconds and I,
and I start yelling at the TV like it's a person in the room.
I swear to God,
I,
I sh I should have bought a house with a room over the garage and I should be
like sent there,
you know,
like an inmate.
Then every once in a while you let me out and you walk me around the front yard
until I start getting heated about some dumb bullshit.
You know
that somebody came by with a Doggie poop bag and put it in my recycled trashcan.
Doesn't go with the blue one goes in the black one.
Just a moron to embarrass him.
Anyways,
a bill.
Can I bounce back from bad first time at sex?
Okay.
Absolutely.
And that's supposed to be good the first time he's supposed to be so freaked out
that you're doing.
If that you,
you're the game's over before it even start.
Right?
Hello,
Mr. Byrd,
huge fan from Poland.
I'm not a virgin by the way.
Here's the story.
Uh,
been hanging out with his girl for about a year as friends.
Well,
right now,
dude,
the fact that if you actually bang this person have to be in France for a
fucking year,
you know,
how did you even maintain an erection?
Because all those memories of walking around a farmer's market.
Anyways,
finally I ended up falling for her,
but she put me in the friend zone.
Well,
I wasn't having that.
So I sort of pumped the brakes on the whole thing and stopped hanging out with
her textbook textbook.
Nice move.
Just some messages from time to time.
A few weeks ago,
she calls me up randomly to chill at my place after not seeing each other for a
couple of months.
I was kind of buzz,
so I thought,
what the hell?
Why not?
So she comes over,
we have some alcohol,
maybe some illegal substances and everything was cool.
Suddenly she just goes,
fuck me.
Yeah,
Jesus Christ.
I got to get over to Poland.
Um,
so I lifted up her skirt,
ripped off a Petty's Jesus' body.
His guys going blow by blow and started plowing her.
Unfortunately I got the whiskey Dick soon after.
Fuck my life.
It was pathetic.
I ended up,
oh Jesus.
Okay.
He performed oral sex.
I got to tone this down here.
Performed oral sex on her.
She got where she needed to be,
but this was not the,
the railing she was probably hoping for.
I wanted to kill myself and still do.
We still talk,
but I'm not sure if we'll ever get a chance to get into her pants again.
Please come from me,
Mr. Byrd,
and tell me that it's going to be okay.
Also exclusive.
Excuse my English.
It's not my first language.
Well,
you spoke meathead English perfectly.
Um,
listen to whose kid note the way you talk about this woman getting her panties.
Plower,
railer and all that.
You don't,
you don't love this woman.
Yeah.
You just want someone you can fuck.
So whatever,
you know,
it didn't work out.
Move on to somebody else.
I think you're going to be fine.
Um,
you did make up for you.
Mistake with the very courteous move afterwards.
I don't think she'd be that upset.
Um,
listen,
she's probably sitting at home going,
did I say fuck me to that guy?
Did I really just say that?
Oh God.
And then his dick went down.
Was he not turned on by me?
She's probably doing all of that shit.
Yeah,
I dunno.
The more I talk about this,
I think you guys both deserve each other.
Maybe.
Maybe you get back in there.
Whiskey.
Dick,
you gotta,
you gotta we know you get whiskey.
Dick,
you gotta get yourself in the Ma,
uh,
the same mindset of a relief pitcher that just gave up with the fucking,
the deep ball,
you know,
but you still up or run,
you just got to forget about that.
Just like Roger Clemens did.
You know,
he would just immediately just,
you know,
start asking for another ball.
Does that make any fucking sense?
Actually,
when I was thinking about that now,
and I use Roger Clemens as a,
as an example,
all of a sudden they had a different vibe to it.
Anyways,
sorry about that.
Oh,
Jesus Christ.
This fucking podcast was an absolute shit show.
Well this,
this ends the whispering podcast from a hotel room somewhere in New Orleans for
the week of a,
what the fuck week is it here?
Oh,
Monday,
January 12th phone.
And make sure I got that rife cause last week like an asshole.
I said June,
uh,
June 5th.
I'm moron.
All right.
Anyways,
that's a podcast for this week.
Uh,
I promise you I will make up for all the yelling I didn't do this week on next
week's podcast.
Thank you for listening.
Um,
anything I got to plug,
nothing.
I got nothing to plug other than I'm going to be going to Australia,
New Zealand,
Singapore,
Hong Kong and Mumbai.
That's definitely going down.
And also the southern bus tour in May is definitely happening.
Um,
I'm talking to my agent.
Today's going to give me all the dates.
I've already heard some of the areas that I'm going to be going to.
Shreveport,
Louisiana I think is in there.
Savannah,
Georgia.
Um,
I think I'm going to be going back to Charleston,
North Carolina,
South Carolina.
It's,
it's going to be,
it's going to be insane.
And um,
as far as I know,
I think we started in Kentucky and we end in New Orleans and we're going to all
these off,
be off the beaten path kinds of things.
You know,
not the major cities that I've already played.
Nashville,
Atlanta,
I've already done those ones,
so it's got to be fucking awesome.
And also the week of shows at the Wilbur Theater in Boston.
I'm doing an entire week,
Monday through Sunday of shows that the Wilbur Theater,
uh,
they've been selling great.
Um,
and I think we're going to start adding some shows and um,
I think that that's something that I'm going to do wherever you go.
The year.
I think I'll just do a week of shows in my hometown,
eat all that fucking Chinese food and all this shit that I missed.
Kelly's Roseby fucking slices of pizza and all that type of all that fucking
food.
You Steve when I was 22,
but I shouldn't be eating now.
Um,
but whatever.
All right.
Predictions next week,
patriots eked out a victory against the colts and then I think Seattle,
um,
we'll have a tough game against the packers.
I think the ball's going to be great games.
Seattle wins.
And then for some dumb reason,
when we go to the Superbowl,
the Patriots might actually be even or favored.
And that's only because of morons in Vegas who just can't lay off of Brady and
Belichick.
So that's really Vegas.
Just trying to get money on both sides of the ball.
Um,
it really has nothing to do with the fact.
And then I think that we will be,
um,
I wouldn't say manhandled by Seattle,
but we will be handled.
Um,
cause I just think it kills me to say that as a patriots fan,
but I'm just,
I'm being totally bumping,
fucking brutally honest about football this week.
The tuck rule is fucking stupid and I think Seattle's going to win the goddamn
Superbowl.
I hope that we win it.
If anybody could figure out how to beat those guys,
it will be a Belichick's game plan.
It's just,
I,
uh,
I dunno,
I just don't know what their defense in the fact that we can't get any fucking
pressure on the quarterback.
I don't know.
How the fuck are you going to be Seattle doing that and the fact that Wilson can
run like a motherfucker too.
That's going to be a nightmare.
Um,
so anyways,
there's my God damn prediction.
On the other hand,
I hope that we actually beat them.
That would be phenomenal.
And uh,
I don't even hate to see hooks.
I don't,
I just,
I just hate how the NFL panders to anybody who dresses up like a fucking mime or
the tin man with spikes coming out of your shoulders and they never showed the
real fence.
I just deal with the fucking people who were at the Kingdom who were at Sullivan
state and then have a show them,
they always get to show some fucking jerk off,
you know,
dressed like Sam Adams.
I had it fucking drives me up the wall.
All right.
Go Fuck Yourself.
So I supplied cast for this week.
Uh,
I'll talk to you next week.
Thank you for listening.